all right you're going to do a paper cut
test from my spikes and anxious i will
move the camera real fast sorry about
all the junk on the table this is
actually my mom's dog grooming building
if you wonder where I made my videos
this is too noisy in the house so I come
out here and make most of my videos this
is not the factory edge it was this
sharp when I first got it but I cut
stuff with it and just dot it up so I
put another edge on it with my DMT
stones I mean into bench stones i don't
know if i showed you that full I mine
again even anyway but i'll show you this
and see it cuts that like you butter
multi cummer i keep getting in that spot
yeah very very sharp i'll see if i can
get a little curly google
that was a dinner
here you can see that um yeah look
really cute now i'm actually going to
cutler lovers test and shave a layer off
this piece of paper to bring with me all
notes i went through nope went through
again I know it can do this I've tried
it before i started the video there we
go see that right there just love it
through and see how thin that is um yeah
did not go through i'll try this again
now did you go through it and but I did
get a lot of this style going to
remember you another one so you can see
it's very sharp and will shave hair me
yeah
probably can't see it here on a second
see all that hair off my life hmm I just
wanted to show you how sharp this was I
started writing at the time of my review
I'm going to start going test we started
buying bottled water so now I had
bottles to cut that's all I was gonna do
but yeah thanks for watching and I will
see you guys in the next video